<h2 style="text-align: left;"><strong>My Journey to 42 Warsaw through Piscine</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: left;">42 is a global education initiative that offers a new way of learning technology. It&rsquo;s a unique model with no teachers, no classrooms, and students learning from their fellow students through peer-to-peer learning. This methodology not only develops computing skills but also life skills. The 42 curriculum is free for anyone who is approved in its selection process.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">The final stage in the selection process is the so-called &ldquo;C Piscine&rdquo;, a 26-day C programming bootcamp. This is where I embarked on my journey to become a &ldquo;cadet&rdquo; at 42.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">During the Piscine, I was immersed in an intensive training program in C, the first language used during the course. The Piscine was designed to test my capacity for involvement and adaptability to the teaching methods of the school, which include peer learning, group work, peer evaluation, and project-based pedagogy.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">Throughout this period, I worked on a variety of projects that allowed me to demonstrate my problem-solving skills, creativity, and ability to work under pressure. I collaborated with other students, learned from them, and also contributed to their learning.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">This experience was challenging but rewarding. It pushed me to my limits, but it also showed me what I am capable of. I am proud to say that I successfully completed the Piscine and am now a cadet at 42 Warsaw, ready to take on the next challenges in my coding journey.</p>
